Post-mortem Report
During the post-mortem for our Project I (Concept Development, Requirements and Proposal), we discussed the positives and negatives in Project 1 and proposed solutions and suggestions for improvement. The discussion went as follows:
1. First the moderator asked all team members to write about happy & crappy (positives and negatives) about this project on index cards.
2. Moderator read off each point from the index cards and let team members discuss about each card: providing more information, adding comments, and raising questions and issues.
3. For each issue/question raised, we then discussed and proposed solutions for future projects.


The positives (combined from all index cards):
1. Good brainstorming session – had several viable ideas to choose from
2. Our idea is interesting and exciting for all of us. 
3. During extensive research on other plant apps, we found positives and negatives about each product and thus gain knowledge and confidence about our own product.
4. Considered various types of users
5. Getting good/new suggestions from the elicitation.
6. Pretty solid grasp of what we want our product to do
7. Getting everything turned in in time.
8. Having a group that’s easy to work with. Everybody contributed equally and worked hard.
9. Excellent team name ☺
10. We learned about how to plan a project and how to actually turn an idea into an executable project.
11. Learned how to use github and how to do competitive research and elicitation.


The negatives (combined from all index cards):
1. Didn’t plan very well for elicitation session: only ended up with two interviewees from the same category (no botanist or plant expert)
2. May have too many features
3. Having to cut down on our cool ideas to make our project feasible
4. Did not stick to our schedule for each subtasks (internal pre-due dates)
5. Did not know how to use github at first
6. Not enough communication on drafts. More comments from other team members would be helpful for the primary author.
7. Did not come prepared to meetings with a clear agenda about what exactly we had to do and how to do them.



Proposed solutions and improvements suggestions:
1. Should have planned ahead of time and get out of our comfort zone to find interviewees other than students.
2. Additional individual interviews with users from other categories
3. Enforce strict internal deadlines and leave more time before the actual due dates for team member to comment and edit the drafts.
4. All team members should read through the deliverables and requirements for future assignments and the primary author will drive the discussion and collaboration.