Team: Floradex
Component Review Report

4:20PM
December 2nd, 2012
Attendees: Amy Ruskin, Robin Momii, Skyler Lipscomb, Siyao Xie

Review of Component 1


**Spec: Passing leaves of tree to component 3

Inconsistency between component 1 and component 3 - component 1 would
pass the name of a plant through the attribute list if a leaf of the
tree was reached in questioning; component 3 was expecting only attributes
of plant, not the name itself. Clarification must be made about the
requirements of both, and should be consistent between the two components.
Both function the same way, but clarification should be made as to why
one was chosen over the other, as it affects the method for deciding
partial results in component 3.

Characterization: QUESTION
Should-fix


**Design: KeyTriple (comp. 1) vs. NodeValue (comp. 2)

Inconsistent vocabulary referring to the same object class being used
between the two components. Should have the same name.

Characterization: ISSUE
Must-fix


**Design: Form of questions in the database

Clarification about how the question attributes will be stored in the 
database - whether simply as a word describing the question ("leaves") or
as the whole question ("Does the plant have broad or narrow leaves?"). 
Should work with component 3 to ensure that the attributes are stored the
same way.

Characterization: QUESTION
Must-fix


**Design: KeyTriple constructor's visibility

Changing the constructor of the KeyTriple class to be private instead of public,
as component 1 is the only class that should be making new instances of KeyTriples.
Component 2 simply accesses them.

Characterization: Issue
Should-fix


**Design: Cleanup after finishing

Talked about needing to clean up after the component finishes, but realized that
because we are implementing in Java, garbage collection is taken care of to
free memory after usage.

Characterization: Question
Comment


**Design: "Query" method from component 2

Conflicting name with component 3's "Query" class. Component 1 and component 2
will work to rename function (in component 2) and ensure that no conflicts arise
during calls to either.

Characterization: Issue
Must-fix


**Testing: Passing a question with no answer to component 3

Issue brought up of an association which had a question but no answer contained. Turned out to be something that component 3 handles when checking the list of
attributes, so not dealt with in component 1.

Characterization: Question
Comment


OVERALL

Component is approved with changes. Main issues were clarifications about
interaction between components, and once those are solidified the design plan is
well laid out and ready for implementation.

