Team: Floradex
Final Component 2 Specifications
Last updated 12/2/12

General Overview

Component 2 facilitates the interactions between the user and the internal storage
of the dichotomous key in Component 1 during the search. The component will supply
this functionality by creating an interactive window for the users to supply their
key choices in. Information from the key will be passed to this component, which 
will parse and display this information in the window. The window will include text 
at the top which asks the key questions, such as “Does the plant have broad or 
narrow leaves?” It will then display the pictures that have been stored in the node 
for each of the two answers, as well as buttons enabling the user to select either 
“Broad” or “Narrow” as their choice – or, if they would prefer to skip the rest of 
the questions, they can select “Skip”. This choice will then be passed back to the 
internal storage of the key and will allow the correct path to be traversed in the 
Search Tree version of the tree. This back-and-forth between components 1 and 2 will
continue until a leaf of the tree has been reached or “Skip” is passed, after which
Component 2 is finished being used. 


Interfaces

User Interface
The component will be an interactive computer window which the user can see. Within
the window, they will be able to read the question and see both possible answers and 
corresponding pictures on one screen, as well as the Skip option. Each answer will 
be displayed as a button, and the user can click with the mouse to select an answer.
The component will register only mouse clicks on the buttons as input from the user.


Component 1 Interface
The interface will be in two directions between these components, as they both must 
send and receive information from the other. Component 1 initially sends the value
of a node of the search tree to Component 2 for displaying. After the user has input 
their preference, Component 2 passes back either “LEFT”, “RIGHT”, or “SKIP” as the 
next path in the search tree.


Requirements
-Display question, answers, and pictures in a consistent way
-Respond to mouse clicks from the users
-Correctly read and display information from the dichotomous key stored in Component 1
-Correctly pass back LEFT, RIGHT, or SKIP based on the user input to Component 1
-Handle incorrect input from component 1

