Team: Floradex
Component 4 Final Specifications
Last updated 12/2/12

General Overview
Component 4 displays the search results returned by Component 3 as well as compiles and displays 
the factsheets of the results. After searching the database, the search results component will 
return a list of the top plants that match the list of the associations. Because some 
characteristics of the plants might not be obvious and easy to identify for some users, we want 
to be able to return searches from the database, even if none of them exactly match the list of 
associations.  The matches will be ordered by a percentage that is determined by how many of the 
associations in the list match a given plant.  That way the user can browse through a list of 
possible plants that are similar to the one they were searching for. When the user selects one of 
the plants from the list, a factsheet of the plant will be displayed in a new window. The 
factsheet will contain information about the scientific name, common name and description.

Interfaces

User Interface
The component will be an interactive window which the user can see. The component will register 
mouse clicks on responsive areas and “up” and “down” keyboard inputs for scrolling up and down 
the list.

Results Page:
After Component 3 completes the search, the users will see a list of possible results, displayed 
in the order from the most relevant (highest percentage of matches) to the least relevant (plants 
under 50% match will not be displayed). For each plant in the list, a thumbnail image of the 
plant as well as its common name and its percentage of match will be displayed. Each result is 
clickable and the responsive area will cover the full row except the edges to eliminate 
unintended operations.

Fact Sheet: 
When the user selects a plant from the list of results (by clicking on the responsive area of the 
plant), a new window will show the corresponding factsheet stored in a local folder. There will 
be 3 sections: picture, general information (common name, scientific name, family and etc.), 
detailed information (habitat, plant attributes, uses). 

Requirements
•	Correctly read the list of plants from the search results from Component 3
•	Display the list of results in the order by relevancy.
•	Respond to mouse clicks from the users to jump to the specified plant’s fact sheet page.
•	Correctly read the plant information from the database.
•	Display the plant information.
•	Display placeholder image when thumbnail unaccessible.
•	Display error messages correctly when no results are returned or when factsheets are 
unavailable.
